[Merged by Bors] - Improve visibility around poet registrations in events (#6382)
spacemeshos/go-spacemesh: CHANGELOG.md

See [RELEASE](./RELEASE.md) for workflow instructions.

## UNRELEASED

> * [#6382](https://github.com/spacemeshos/go-spacemesh/pull/6382) Improve visibility around poet registrations in events.
> 
> Note: new event types introduced in [api](https://github.com/spacemeshos/api/pull/382)
> and 2 previously existing updated with names. Old types for renamed events marked as deprecated.
> Please update your automations to use new event types.

Reviewer: NIT: we have a template in `RELEASE.md` 🙂 

```suggestion
### Upgrade information

New event types introduced in the API of the node, see [API #382](https://github.com/spacemeshos/api/pull/382) and 2
previously existing events where renamed. Old events were marked as deprecated. Please update your automations to use
new event types.

### Highlights

### Features

### Improvements

* [#6382](https://github.com/spacemeshos/go-spacemesh/pull/6382) Improve visibility around poet registrations in events.
```
